feedback.md, before:

# Feedback on Project Work
## Alyssa Waterson

In this file, I will compile your feedback (and grade) for your project homework problems in reverse chronological order. Please do not alter this file and if you do, make sure to add and commit the new version to your repository before turning in the next assignment. Thanks, Danny

## Assignment 1

Alyssa, the idea of the physics of thunderstorms is pretty cool in my opnion. I think there's a lot of interesting physics in it. I would suggest that you try to read an introduction to the field and then get into the detailed work of reading research papers. The studies can be a bit much if you haven't studied the theory that underlies their results. Here's a link to a book chapter that might help:
https://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=7j4rAAAAYAAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PA30&dq=physics+of+lightning&ots=sIhE5EpZaZ&sig=MJ1fOI5gu8YqaKOO10PyvkZO6YY#v=onepage&q=physics%20of%20lightning&f=false
Also, the American Journal of Physics has a wealth of information on lightning. Go to ajp.aapt.org and search for lightning and/or thunder and you will find a number of peer-reviewed articles. For Friday, I'd suggest that you read the Technical Physics arrticle that you have in your list and one other article. Great work so far!


* Score: 20/20

Commit message:

updated with feedback for week 2

feedback.md, after:

# Feedback on Project Work
## Alyssa Waterson

In this file, I will compile your feedback (and grade) for your project homework problems in reverse chronological order. Please do not alter this file and if you do, make sure to add and commit the new version to your repository before turning in the next assignment. Thanks, Danny

## Assignment 2

Alyssa, it appears that the two papers that you read for this week covered the introduction and are helping you to focus your efforts. I think what I'd like to know better for next week is what aspect(s) of this work you are planning to dig into for your paper. Some of that will be based on the reading that you are doing, but it will also need to be communicated in your summaries - like you have started to do with the Dwyer article. You will also need to begin digging into the mathematical models that are being developed for this work as your paper will need to include both a conceptual and mathematical descirption of the aspect(s) that you are digging into. These sumamries are very helpful and for next week I'm looking for you to go deeper.

* Score: 20/20

## Assignment 1

Alyssa, the idea of the physics of thunderstorms is pretty cool in my opnion. I think there's a lot of interesting physics in it. I would suggest that you try to read an introduction to the field and then get into the detailed work of reading research papers. The studies can be a bit much if you haven't studied the theory that underlies their results. Here's a link to a book chapter that might help:
https://books.google.com/books?hl=en&lr=&id=7j4rAAAAYAAJ&oi=fnd&pg=PA30&dq=physics+of+lightning&ots=sIhE5EpZaZ&sig=MJ1fOI5gu8YqaKOO10PyvkZO6YY#v=onepage&q=physics%20of%20lightning&f=false
Also, the American Journal of Physics has a wealth of information on lightning. Go to ajp.aapt.org and search for lightning and/or thunder and you will find a number of peer-reviewed articles. For Friday, I'd suggest that you read the Technical Physics article that you have in your list and one other article. Great work so far!


* Score: 20/20
